okay all right good morning good
afternoon and or good evening everybody
including people of the internet and
welcome to today Monday 28th of October
I'm meeting of the ipfs documentation
and developer UX working group you can
follow along in the notes which I shall
share in my screen which I shall share
in my screen now and you can also find
the link to in this notes document as
well as all of the other information and
how to get involved with the ipfs
documentation and developer UX working
group in our repo at github.com / IP FS
/ Docs as always the purpose of this
meeting is to update each other on our
progress against our okay ours and with
that in mind we can't go ahead and set
out in unless anybody has any additional
additional comments on top of our usual
check in anyone anyone I take your
silence as no all right cool um Chris do
you want to keep us up to date on the
docs for you know long Shh sure thing
I'm just getting my screen in order here
this is been a good week every week is a
good week but this has been an
exceptionally many pieces came together
this week which is great alignment so we
we kind of folded the prototype into the
new beta app so I guess the first thing
to announce is that we we now have a
public repo which I've linked in the
notes there so it's the top line of the
beta and aquarium doctor launch so
that's now the new baseline application
that we're using as primary development
this is now setup for CI it currently is
building against just notify for the
meantime well where I'm working on very
staging mechanics and branch testing
and we've basically set up the baseline
seemso and Jessica can probably pop open
the URL for that while you're on the
screen where is it
I haven't linked it yeah being your
history there'll be ipfs Doc's okay -
let me just post in here embarrassing
suggests history yes likely will say
everything so this URL may change
it's temporary for if anyone's watching
it's essentially our working project
progress at the moment we've poured it
across the navigation from the prototype
and we've had various discussions around
how we're going to format this and
essentially stylize the individual entry
points there's some configuration around
different tiers and individual
categories that we've got into that so
we using this is a work in progress at
the moment the next stage is essentially
to go through remi milestones which are
towards lab week in next two weeks and
that'll be mainly porting over the
content from the existing site to have a
fully working prototype like-for-like of
the existing content that we've got now
ready for when supreme technical writer
on board at the beginning of november so
we'll have a fresh site ready for trying
and prototyping with from there we are
going to continue to extend that and
essentially write out the all the all
the pages that are currently we don't
have content for we're going to design
the stuff that Eric was been working on
which is the essential splash screen for
content that doesn't exist yet so we can
start to have a voting mechanic for
anything that doesn't exist and then we
can start to get some insight from that
so I guess next steps are really within
this week we'll be migrating rs.2
content across configuring a few
remaining plugins just to make sure that
we've got the appropriate embedded code
for playing videos and the code view for
different syntax snippets we want to
integrate we also had some discussion
that's week around how we're going to do
the API layout so essentially we might
try and present some various code
examples side-by-side so we can have
different J s and go implementations on
the same screen so you can switch
between them but these this is to be
decided so we're just going to see what
is available to us and essentially just
get the thing working so we can test out
all the search in context and enable the
progressive web app offline
functionality and do some other various
testing around that as well
so that's where we are at the moment
something that people can at least play
with to some degree at lab week which is
wonderful and and you know beyond that
you know anything beyond that is
definitely I think that we your intent
is to have something up and running by
lab you can get some good feedback from
folks internal to PL as we continue
working on suffragists fantastic thank
you so much I should note that there is
actually an issue open that we will
connect the two sites together at some
point so there will be when we're sort
of saying this is an official open to
the public then we'll have a banner
across the existing Doc's that will pull
you in or invite you to come and join
the beta so while that doesn't exist
this essentially you sneaky previews for
everybody and you can play around with
what we're building but welcome any
feedback in the meantime so it's just
the case of this is our staging product
at the moment until we decide that's an
official overlap in other words if
you're one of the people who are so on
it in order to drop in and watch this
meeting you get a little bit of a
surprise so on you but yeah we'll have
we'll have bi-directional linking to and
from the video just to encourage folks
to go back and forth this thing is we're
in a little bit more of a solid publicly
useful state maybe because those thick
stickers for anyone who comes and gets
that feedback yeah we promise some sort
of swag we don't know what that swag is
but we promise swags
so feel free to make us make it on that
promise carrying forward the recurring
item for the legacy dogs deprecation
plan again we're just adding notes to
issues 308 as we go along of this
initial stage of building things those
notes will eventually because they
didn't they're newer more formal
deprecation and so this is just saying
network continues metrics definition for
the Vita site we are holding off on this
until we're a little bit further into
finding the Vita site but we're getting
closer and closer I'm also looking
forward to John onboarding next Monday
so that we can start talking about
exactly what sort of metrics and data we
want to capture Vita site is this
helpful feedback mechanism this is this
is complete as we discussed last week
the visuals for this are complete under
issue 305 and once we're a little
further in the Vita site we can tackle
that an issue 306 just as a refresher
this is the fantastically interesting
lovely is this helpful widget one here
with a workflow very similar to what we
have on our existing site but is a
little bit more detailed gives the user
an open feedback box and put stuff in I
guess my question to you which I think
Chris you sort of answered and post
whether this is something that might be
worth tackling while we're migrating
content but it sounds like you've got a
sort of your roadmap sort of sorted out
as it is I would say so we as you've
deployed that update to the existing so
at the moment just for the issues that I
think we'll see how that goes to start
with yeah yeah if we don't really need
any people dropping any feedback
directly to the issue queue then perhaps
we look at another more lightweight way
of having some dynamic feedback it just
means that if we have an open-ended
feedback box that is just them a forum
like that but it means that we lose the
context of the user so we don't have any
opportunity to reply to them I'll follow
up so it could it's a pros and cons
towards into so yeah I think most effort
will go into implementing a new version
that will essentially live on alongside
the
the updated documentation and then we'll
work on exercise to that quote I knew
that yeah that's necessary and as you as
you noted um you said this is the
current site we did add this information
here and add this week some that are
issued templating so that if you open an
issue it actually gives you some prompts
to questions to ask it also gives us the
referring page it labels them
accordingly so that we can prioritize it
in our issue queue as well so um so yeah
we'll see we'll see how that goes
response wise and good point became it
we can go from that awesome usability
testing we have not done any new testing
this week but that's because we've been
in actually deploying the test results
from the ia testing and both are a
couple of weeks ago on the Vita site as
you just saw my intent hopefully today I
don't have too many meetings is actually
I'll open up a starter branch for the
external links in that non structure so
we can at least knock those out meetings
permitting recurring item features
voting we do have a public-facing voting
page for this now which is great I'm an
admin you see this isn't exactly what
the user will see me but we do have all
of our items that we wanted to get
external prioritization on from our
futures comparison list in here this is
ready to launch we just have to figure
out exactly how we want to launch it and
socialize it sounds like our opinion
right knows that it should go
hand-in-hand with the docs video just to
give people a context so this is
probably gonna be on hold for a couple
of weeks but it is queued up and ready
to go I'll take that test this week just
to at least have an overview see how how
we integrate it in some way yeah it
sounds like you can do like really deep
integration with canning I just didn't
really look into it at all yeah I mean
the simplest ways that we can I just
have a link that point straight out to
it then it doesn't feel like it's a part
of the site but then you know we can
also use the API to pull
individual views in as we want to so I'm
considering using it as the way of
voting for content that's up and coming
yeah so that that way we can have we
could user suggest box for so we can
have a separate board that is a Content
suggestion board and then people can
upvote and downvote things on there or
at least comment on it so that's just a
brief idea but it does look like it's a
better way of doing that than using
something that's a little bit more
abstract there like an analytics program
super awesome well um let me know what
you find out because that's probably
stuff that I can help out with your
current item you get a system I this is
on hold because Eric it's and because of
lab week so continue to watch this space
and you're not dead yet so this is good
that's what we hold that may or may not
be dead yet
are you doing that thing we just like
screen no you're moving you didn't just
screenshot yourself okay cool
Rick Craig I am content improvement user
driven or legacy content this is like
directly fixing stuff you admittedly
there's a bit of a bucket right now
because we're diverting a lot of efforts
to migrating the docs to the new
platform but then that said we will make
sure that we address as many sort of
small existing contents on the legacy
site as we can just so that we can we
can migrate the cleanest thing possible
over and stop work on the legacy
platform Avast site I did get to close a
couple of things there's a few things
still in progress we have an external a
contributor PR that I'm waiting to hear
back on or like one new piece of
documentation which is super sweet
user driven as far as user driven issues
content specific issues that came about
as a result due to user feedback um we
are we have one in the icebox 6 in our
soon queue the good news at that is
that's a pretty small number
um three new issues are in review since
last week that includes
issues that I just referred to and I was
able to close four small issues
regarding related Russia things like one
of them was the better issue Chaplin as
far as legacy issues that we inherited
from the old dock site my old website
repo yeah there's still 23 of those in
the icebox 14 of those are in soon that
is mainly net new contact requests so
the rate of change on that at the moment
is not really going to be specifically
super super far but we did close to
since last week and put one in review
which is good so progress is happening
in progress will continue once John
joins us next week and that brings us to
this guy recurring item content close
reading this is John's primary now
boarding caste is already taking a
little bit of an initial review in the
meantime look forward to chatting about
the specifics of getting this done let
me see him next week and then finally
front of school Joe take it away okay so
we're getting really close to finishing
the new tutorial I've been working on
refactoring a couple of lessons we had
structure differently at the start and
now we're mostly working on the feedback
for incorrect answers in the exercises
and we still need we're still waiting
for a final name for the API were
teaching that's getting yeah it's
getting close
is there anything you need our help with
this week I don't think so not
connection
cool I notice miles on this car do you
have anything that you want to offer
feedback or questions on you and I will
make my video up here oh never mind that
there we go good my name in a very dark
room
the darkness of video one item that I
was curious about coming up in this hurt
more was and things like our discussion
forum and if there are ways that we can
be grabbing feedback from sources like
that it's not directly related but
Jessica as you were doing the phenomenal
like hey look I'm tracking all of these
issues and use her ice box issues things
or feedback issues
I'm curious that people have like
content around the discussion forums
that we are threading into Doc's or if
we could do metrics another request is I
took a look last week at the metrics
that we're seeing on our existing
documentation site on what things are
getting them you know all of the metrics
work you guys implemented last quarter
what things are getting the most
positive feedback and what things are
getting more negative feedback super
useful and directional and here if we
could have kind of little readouts on
that in this weekly meeting because I
think it's useful direction for us to
remind us where we should be focusing
yes so regarding regarding the forums
you know I I certainly they know others
on the team have been working on the
forums on you know if for nothing else
you know getting getting the daily and
weekly comment thread recaps I am
keeping I am monitoring those in case
there's something you know like actually
specifically add to the issue queue
there's been a couple of vacations right
now and it offered some feedback or
pointing people at specific things the
volume hasn't been super high at this
point and usually what we've been seeing
on on the forums is like a very specific
help requests for I'm implementing X in
Y away and but do you know that we are
keeping an eye on that yeah good point
about let's as far as just like um we
haven't we let the super the super high
metrics watching slide for a couple of
weeks because we're so busy implementing
the new bf but let's just make sure that
we um that we add that too
yeah Chris had it how best you want to
do that it was actually thinking just
last week about trying to find a better
way to report on this and partly because
the numbers themselves actually then you
have to do some mental arithmetic to
work out so I go seven people said this
is passe
but also for people said it was
negatives what is the overall sentiment
so I'm going to look at a better way to
present that and do sort of an average
between it so if there are 10 events and
three were positive and three more
negative or whatever else and o7 were
negative whereas then we'd have we be
able to have a gauge of what is what
requires the most action so I I started
out on a second page on the data studio
but I don't know data studio enough to
get around it it's a whole new sort of
wizard ballgame so I will think I'll
pick that up and see if I can integrate
that because then we could just have a
link or some kind of high-level overview
and see like these are the top level and
piece of content we need to pay
attention to and that will give us some
better month-on-month to a progress then
because we can then roll over a whole
period of time where we can see their
sentiment on a piece of content over a
longer period of time so if that
sentiment changes we've improved it and
we can op see see if yeah we're going in
the right direction might answer your
question about X impressions why don't
answer in the forums
I get a little bit concerned about the
interplay between I mean I think that is
the docs team we absolutely have a
responsibility to keep an eye on the
forums I'm a little bit worried about
that which is really sort of a community
management sort of issue finding its way
into our issue queue in a way that is I
I don't want to promise something that
I'm not completely sure that we can
deliver on and that doesn't really feel
like more of a community management
issue in in absence of an official
community manager so far I mean maybe we
should have a separate separate
discussion about this in another channel
but I just wanna make sure that we're
not committing ourselves you know this
point I can say no that we're keeping
out in the forum's I also just don't
want to over commit ourselves in a
stupidly crazy quarter to to actually
being sort of de facto community
moderators in that sense Erik sorry yeah
back to the helpful not helpful content
just broad blanket statement of
encouragement is that you know we get a
lot more we do get a lot more votes
thumbs up votes for content then thumbs
down it's it's a there really it's it's
just a smattering of thumbs down and you
know it's actually a smattering of those
period because people generally don't
you know how often do do you click on
those kind of things but you know given
that people are tend to not click on
those you interact with those kinds of
features and I think that that that
means that if they do go out of their
way to click then then I think we can
maybe infer that they found this really
helpful you know that's really unhelpful
and their and they really want us to
focus on it yeah the politics of the
politics of feedback are really
interesting is never gonna do a really
good job of capturing like yeah I guess
this is okay and that's something that
we do need to keep in mind but but no
thanks thanks for calling us out on like
not explicitly talking through that for
a few weeks just because we got real
busy and since you've launched it it
does look like it's 78 percent positive
overall as you mentioning that's pretty
awesome considering considering the
amount of stuff that we know that we're
trying to you know if in our current
state we're still getting that good a
feedback you know not to not to get too
big of a halo but that's that's in her
name yes we just need some old context
around that the negatives and so we can
take more action to it that's nice but
it's definitely useful and we did just
the the better get have issue templating
stuff I think I pushed that on Thursday
so that's like super brand new you know
I think it'll take us a couple of weeks
to see if anybody actually you see how
people respond to that we also move to
the opening github issue linked up out
of the footer so it's a lot more
prominent so I'm hoping that we're gonna
see better uptake on that um we'll see
how that goes
but a target is 99 no less all right
well is there anything else that we left
out or that we want to discuss in our
remaining 5 minutes I must have talked
way too fast
sorry about that yeah I know that um
okay are there like okay ours and the
way that we formatted meeting notes are
super similar but I think we are worse
we're still a little bit of ways away
from mid-quarter but like it's a really
short quarter so just encourage people
to like take a peek back early to make
sure that that everything is as as a
line is expected to be I think you guys
are well on track but I'm gonna make
this recommendation in all meetings this
week so yeah sure this is this is an
interesting one because I think that's
just how weird line over ok ours I think
we're not letting that like the vast
majority of our percentage progress on
every single one of these issues is
gonna come right at the end so I'm sort
of I'm sort of anticipating the feeling
of like not feeling all that great about
our numbers mid-quarter but realizing
that it's just how the how the work
itself is laid out we're gonna be kind
of sliding into that I think it's worth
noting that we're also like very
optimistic with things we've projected
in this quarter so it's like the some of
the some of the individual components
could be extended or rollover a directly
strange next and this is when you make a
really good point because we throw like
80 bazillion things inside of the other
spaces I think we sound like 80
bazillion things in the launch the Vita
site epic keeping in mind that our that
our ok our was actually a launch of Vita
site with one to one content parody that
said we should achieve that maybe like
the middle of next week
yeah and that's our that's our biggest
thing I think the one thing that I'm
feeling you know like the one thing that
was optimistic was the ecosystem on it
that's a TG that's something that we
really wanted to do but captain Monning
they're like bearing it being a super
short quarter
you know we threw that in there as sort
of a stretch hole if we don't interview
that way no need to do that but but yeah
I mean strictly speaking with a blotched
Armada so obviously I think Kelly were
we're well on track I just I just don't
want us to have you know like sticker
shock why are we so we'll also have
future prioritization so so we are
actually we will be right at your cute
one goals as this quarter goes along
which is which is pretty great I think
it's closer we get the engagement we're
hoping for then we'll we'll have some
data to mix in with helping with their
pro ties ation which is gonna really
help us be more product and user focus
and I think that heading the website
even one-to-one content just mapped over
into this new structure new environment
that and to just do that and then sit
back and you know and see how people
react to it and see how we react to it
as we play with it that's gonna really
that's when when we really I think
they're gonna start to find areas oh
like oh we need to and it's gonna be
much more content focused you know like
actually improving the docks market
point it we need internationalization so
it's like who's gonna start the
translation game office a bunch of
issues like do we do we hire translation
for our tatsurion languages do we want
to invest the money in that discussion
for another time but you know that's a
that's that's one of those perfect
things for outsourcing I say having
spent an hour shoveling a foot of snow
this morning realizing that is
additionally something perfect for
outsourcing people have better tools
better at this I can pay them to do it
yeah that's one of the logic for
consider that you're Jim yeah that's
true that is true I'm not gonna have to
have to hurry up my gym membership
before talking he's this way the only
other caution that I want to have you
and AG you bring up a good point about
like porting the dogs content parity
letting us sit we do have to be
conscious of the fact that our initial
set of metrics are going to be the
result on the beat aside are gonna be
the result of a site that's still very
much in flux so we may want to get some
thought as to like formally declaring
like a metrics baseline you know I don't
want to say let's do it because we were
dealing with much heavier site traffic
and we could say alright let's not
change anything for two weeks and get
baseline numbers that would be one thing
but I just you with the site traffic
that we're seeing it wouldn't be two
weeks it would be a month and I'm not
going to stop progress for a month just
to get those baseline numbers but that's
another discussion we should probably
keep in the back of our minds cool now
we're out of time all right ladies and
gents thank you so much I shall upload
this meeting to the youtubes and I shall
see you all next week
if not sooner enjoy your Monday